(Yuma)
Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
The winner of the World Duel
Carnival is
Yuma Tsukumo!
Vetrix, what's going on?!
The Numbers!
(Tori)
Yuma!
(Yuma)
Vetrix!
(Vetrix)
I'm gonna save us!
Now I release all the souls
I captured!
And so goodbye, Yuma...
Astral.
Vetrix!
I'm so sorry, forgive me,
my sons.
Yuma!
(Dr. Faker)
I've been waiting
for this moment!
(laughing)
Dr. Faker.
Now it's time for
the grand finale
and that grand
finale happens to be
the total destruction
of Astral World!
♪
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(laughing)
This is the grand finale?
I was kinda hoping for a parade
and maybe some fireworks.
There will
be fireworks all right
for you are about to become
part of the energy blast
fired by my
Sphere Field Cannon!
It's going to be beyond
glorious!
"Sphere Field Cannon?"
(Astral)
Yuma, look down.
(Yuma)
Hey, this is that garbage
facility from before.
What are we doing here?
At this very moment,
this Sphere Field you're in
is being loaded into a cannon.
Once it's online,
the cannon will set
its sights on Astral World.
Astral World?
(Astral)
These memories I have been
experiencing...
It is Astral World.
You've helped me create
the ultimate weapon.
This Sphere Field has gathered
all the Numbers' powers
into one massive
confluence of energy.
Once the cannon fires
this energy,
there will be
no saving Astral World.
(Kite)Hart.
What happened to Hart?
Find out where he is,
Orbital Now.
I'm on it.
I get it now.
You gathering
the Numbers.
It was all for this.
Yes, as was creating
the World Duel Carnival.
I'll admit, I grew a bit nervous
when Kite lost to Byron.
But my plan became a reality
regardless of his failure.
The only thing that
mattered was that the Numbers
ended up gathered in one
place during the finals
and that's
exactly what happened.
(Yuma)
That means me, Vetrix, Kite,
Shark, Trey and his brothers.
We were all just puppets
in your big master plan.
Isn't that right,
Faker?
Well,
here's the thing.
It's not gonna happen.
What the huh?
You cannot stop
me now.
It's time to shine,
Hart.
The moment we've been waiting
for is almost upon us, my boy.
Oh no-- Hart!
Are you sure this
is the right place?
Positive.
Signals indicate
that Master Hart
is at the bottom of
this tower, underground.
How's he doing,
is he okay?
He's normal, but...
at that location,
Master Hart is...
Master Hart himself
is being used as part of
the Sphere Field Cannon.
Huh-- He's what?
(Yuma)
Hart, hey, Hart.
Snap out of it!
C'mon, Hart,
please!
His destiny awaits.
Soon, Hart will become
the trigger
that will seal
Astral World's fate.
What is he
talking about?
I see.
He intends to position Hart
as an energy conduit.
(Yuma)
What does that mean?
(Astral)
He is going to use
Hart's power
as a trigger to fire
the Sphere Field Cannon.
(Dr. Faker)
Once Astral world
is destroyed,
Barian's power
will be mine.
And with that, this entire
world will kneel before me.
Did everyone get out okay?
(Flip)
I don't know.
Hey, where's Tori?
I thought she was
right behind me.
Do you think that she
went after Yuma?
Kari.
Hey, is everyone okay?
Uh, Yuma kinda disappeared
along with the duel field.
And we're not sure
where Tori is.
We've gotta find them.
No, it's coming down.
Yuma!
What's going on
with my deck?
Neo Galaxy-Eyes.
This card is connected
to Hart.
Hart's
calling out to me.
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite.
(Dr. Faker)
Excellent.
Keep it up, my boy.
(Kari)
Tori.
Tori,
can you hear me?
Come in.
(Tori)
Kari?
(Kari)
Tori, you had us worried.
Where are you right now?
(Tori)
I'm at the bottom
of Heartland Tower.
(Kari)
That thing is falling apart,
what are you doing there?
I'm looking for Yuma,
he's gotta be here.
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite.
(Kari)
Tori, get out of there.
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite,
say something.
Oh no, what happened?
Uh, gotta go,
Kari, bye.
Wait, Tori, don't hang up,
Tori!
Be careful.
(Shark)
Yuma, where are you?
C'mon, put your
motor into it.
Do you want me
to overheat?
It's not budging
at all.
(Shark)
Out of the way.
Where'd you come from?
It's you again.
The robot and I can
lift that.
As soon as we do,
you pull him outta there.
Hello? Move!
Uh, right, okay.
Get ready.
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite, I'm so glad
you're okay.
Thanks, Shark.
Don't thank me.
Just get him outta
here, Tori.
(Kite)
No, I'm not leaving.
(Orbital 7)
But Master Kite...
(Shark)
The place is comin' down, man.
I'm not leaving
without my brother.
What?
You mean Hart
is here too?
Do you know
where he is?
It's rather
complicated, actually.
That's enough.
It's--
Where he is?
Tell me where
Hart is.
Out with it,
you bucket of bolts!
Hart is being
used by Dr. Faker
to power the Sphere
Field Cannon.
What is a Sphere
Field Cannon?
(Orbital 7)
It is the ultimate weapon
created to destroy Astral World.
In order for Dr. Faker
to complete it,
he made Master Kite
assemble the Number Cards
so that he could gather
their energy in one place
to create
a devastating blast...
All right, it's bad news,
we got it.
So where is this thing
and how do we get to it?
This doesn't
concern you.
Let's go, Orbital.
(Shark)
Where do you
think you're goin'?
I don't have time to settle
a score if that's what you want.
It's not.
All I wanna do
is save Yuma.
If he's still
in the Sphere Field
and they're using
it as a weapon
things aren't
going to end well.
(Tori)
What can we do?
(Shark)
I-- I don't know.
All I know is that
I can't do nothing
when my friend is
in trouble.
Now talk, ya'
lousy vacuum cleaner.
The Sphere Field Cannon.
How do we
get to it?
I am not
a vacuum cleaner.
I am a highly sophisticated
artificial intelligence unit.
Kite, please,
I wanna help save Yuma, too.
We have to
work together.
Yuma was always worried about
Hart, you know that, right?
Please, Kite,
let's all work together
and save the people
we care about.
C'mon, Orbital,
let's go.
Understood.
But Kite...
We're done
talking about this.
We need to get to the garbage
treatment facility.
Was that his way
of saying "follow me?"
I guess so?
(Yuma)
I feel so tired.
I fear that
is my fault.
My life force
is weakening by the minute.
Don't say that.
Please hear me.
We might be able
to save you.
But for me,
there is---
Don't even say it.
Nobody is leaving
anybody behind.
All three of us are
getting out of here together.
(Orbital 7)
This is the underground
access tunnel,
but it's completely blocked.
There has to
be another way.
Scan the building
schematics.
I would, except that the access
point that would enable me
to tap into the
building's engineering system
has been destroyed
by debris.
If I can't access the--
Stop making excuses,
you worthless scrap pile.
I don't see you doing anything
to help, you hairless ape.
If it weren't
for robots...
Hey, wait a sec,
maybe Kari can help.
(Kari)
C'mon, almost there.
All right, got it.
There's a stairwell
three blocks to the west
from where you guys are.
You can get underground
from there.
Yeah, okay,
we're on it, thanks, Kari.
No problem,
I'm here if you need me.
Don't do anything
Yuma would do.
In the end,
we're all counting on you.
All right, follow me.
(Tori)
Hang on, Yuma,
we're coming to save you.
(Orbital 7)
These stairs are not
good for my shocks.
(Shark)
Which way, tin can.
(Orbital 7)
We're here.
Master Hart is just
up ahead.
(Mr. Heartland)
Welcome.
I'm so glad you could find
it in you to join us.
Unfortunately,
if you're looking for Hart,
I'm afraid he's a bit indisposed
at the moment.
Where is he?
(Mr. Heartland)
Right here.
(Kite)
Hart, can you hear me?
Guys, look, Yuma's
up there too.
(Mr. Heartland)
It was nice of you
all to drop by,
but I'm afraid I have
to ask you to leave now.
We have
a world to destroy.
Litterbots, it's time
to take out the trash.
Orbital, get to it.
I'm on it.
Here I go!
Sorry 'bout that.
My apologies.
Efficient demolition skills.
I'll demolish you next if
you don't keep fighting.
Understood, ma'am.
Man, there's no end
to them.
I've gotta get
Hart down from there.
(Mr. Heartland)
Hart's not going anywhere.
Besides, I'm sure he's
happy right where he is.
(Kite)
Yeah, right.
He's making his
father proud.
Every boy wants
to make his father proud.
You, on the other hand,
are turning out to be quite
the disappointment.
You played your
part for a while.
We certainly appreciate you
gathering Number Cards.
But now you seem to have
lost your way.
Your father hopes
you'll come around.
But I know better.
You've always been
ungrateful and arrogant,
and now it's time for you
to vanish along with
all your little friends.
Including Yuma!
And now, it's time
for me to say goodbye!
(Shark)
Uh-oh, this doesn't seem good.
(Mr. Heartland)
Below us is a portal
to Astral World.
Everybody, get away from the
edge and run toward the walls.
Hart, ya gotta
fight it.
Hart!
The moment I've been
waiting for is almost at hand.
The cannon is almost
ready to fire.
Litterbots, toss all
of this trash into the vortex.
These guys just keep coming.
Hey, toaster oven, can't
you do something about this?
I am not
a toaster oven!
I am a sentient artificial
intelligence designed for--
Come on, keep it
together, you two.
These junky Litterbots
have to be receiving their
orders from somewhere, right?
If we can find the source of
their signal and destroy it.
(Orbital 7)
An excellent idea.
I shall
investigate immediately.
All orders are transmitted
from a host computer.
If I can somehow
hack into the host
and jolt it with a large amount
of voltage... ah-ha, got it!
By hooking in to that
remote access point...
Again with
the explanations.
Just make it happen.
How dare you speak
to me that way.
I am not your minion!
I am Master Kite's--
(Kite)
Would you just do it, Orbital.
(Orbital 7)
Yes, Master Kite.
'Scuse me, outta the way,
comin' through.
Up, up, and away.
Commencing with full
system overload.
(Dr. Faker)
What-- What's going on?
What is this?
Oh no, Orbital.
It looks like the hunk
of junk did it.
Huh-- impossible.
Why is Hart's energy
decreasing?
(Mr. Heartland)
Wait a second, no, no!
This isn't supposed to happen
like this... aah!
Orbital.
I did wallpaper
make for--
Tonight's disassemble
is brought to you by...
System Error 143B.
You saved us...
all of us.
Huh?
What happened?
What's goin'
on?
Is that..
Tori and Shark
and Kite.
Why are they here?
(Astral)
The Sphere Field's energy
is weakening.
This may be your
moment to escape.
We must break
the Zexal bond.
(Yuma)
No, We can't break the bond.
(Kite)
What's going on?
Why did you do that?
Yuma, Go.
You might not have
another chance to escape.
Well, what about you?
We're getting out
of here together.
That cannot happen.
I am one with
the Numbers.
Now that the Numbers have been
gathered in this Sphere Field.
I cannot leave.
I cannot exist
outside.
What-- no way.
What are these?
One is hope.
The other
is the Future.
You have to go now,
Yuma.
But what about you?
What's gonna
happen?
That does
not matter.
What matters is that
you save Hart
and in doing so,
you save Astral World.
(Astral)
The future is in your hands.
Yuma's Back.
He's free.
(Dr. Faker)
Did you really think
I would spend so long
putting my plans into motion
and not have a backup
system in place?
Once it comes online,
the cannon will repower itself.
And Astral World will
cease to exist.
You will soon be finished
along with Astral World.
It's over.
Doctor Faker one
and Yuma zero.
It's not over yet, Faker.
Oh, "Hope" and "the Future ."
I get it.
Hey, Shark
and Kite.
You guys ready to rumble?
As long as my friends
and I are still here
we're gonna keep fighting.
Do you really think
we can stop him?
(Yuma)
We have to try, Shark.
C'mon, Kite,
whaddya say?
We can do
this together.
This is it.
There's no looking back.
(Dr. Faker)
If it's a duel you want,
it's a duel you'll get.
I'll demolish you
and be rid of the whole lot
of you once and for all.
Your days of
meddling in my affairs
will come crashing
to an end.
And after that, this
world is mine for the taking.
(Tori)
C'mon guys, you can do this.
You have to.
After all, you're
the only hope we've got.